Well what's up my people today I'm
used to it today I'm accompanied or
said company here with the age what are
we going to do today we're going to do live
together I have made the south for him to go up
but I think he has died
efe efe for him his brother this one for him his
brother I think has died and let's see we are going
to react to a video that they have passed
okay about Al Capone who is a streamer I
knew her because because I saw a video he
made when wind and he fought with Clarin
play and according to what they told me he is very good friends
with AI Town name plate so let's
see what he thinks I don't know who he
is I only came to him once I don't know if he is
also dedicated to YouTube something but
I see that he is a bit of a Cooper
[Laughs]
Well it's been
a while and we have to start to
think about how the mess is
but it's important it's important because
she has
affected me in the past the past
but
the case of the town came up I do
n't know what here what we were saying
before people are always on the internet every
time they cancel someone every time they
refer to when someone wants to have to
hook up with 13 14 year old girls  years they
call him a pedophile and pedophile is not in
fact what I was explaining before
was that there is also even the
difference between pedophiles and pederasts
and if I'm not mistaken pedophile is that he
likes
ip de lanchas and dean until he commits
the crime of course and then not what they
always refer to with the youtubers
when they flirt with lines of 15 14 years old
that is ephebophilia
yes because pedophile is between 6 and 11 years old
everything that is less from 12
ephebophilia and approximately let's see what
you know I want are both but it is even
more disgusting or pedophile that those
men are younger it is disgusting
all reprehensible all and it is a crime all too
but it is not the same one million
six years old as a girl of thirteen [ __ ] it is
strong true always always when
talking about youtuber that they flirt with and that
always talk about pedophiles there is no
call and pedophile is not in fact if it
calls him  pedophile to someone even if he's
hooking up with a minor it would be good right not either not the
whole case is that since it's
the common word so to speak I'm
not me it could be considered slander
for calling him pedophile instead of
ephebophilia which is a word that has balls I was
thirsty
this house old town I didn't know it's that
if I turn up the volume in fact next to it it's
going to break my eardrums you can turn
down the microphone I think if we're going to
test that you see that you go to the
microphone and I turn up the volume it's that
when the super volume adds it all up let's
see you it's called clear
microphone volume
also already down although I do think it's worth it
I would listen to it I liked it well let's
go and the date that appears on google is
real it's two weeks
younger than I have seen [Music] August 6, 85 I am June 25, August 25 amen if I'm going to turn 35 years old 200 but it doesn't seem like it doesn't seem like it 30 is knocking at the door also well I feel old in 14 in 4 years  I
wish I had and another four years
ago
don't [ __ ] with me
because hanging around with these kids and everything
there were some tests it was a
mess and well the tests the truth was not
convincing of the tests
well it goes quite false there were not many
things that look quite false they
look convincing today he put
I am not an expert in computers it is the
same I am a little wrong maybe
I think that in reality everything can be
falsified you know think but the fact is that of
course we are not talking about
hackers or people who understand
computers they are kids it is as if they
tell me life hack that or
rectify what is there funny if you have
seen me that I did not know how to differentiate the disk see
possible I think that it was
shared from a video but uploading it
removed okay here the people are empty you
are here is the video that was
basically
a kid who taught that you can
create in fact yes that yes I know that it
is not very complicated or rather what is the
email okay
and that the email create a link that is
called a hyperlink if I am not mistaken and that
you give it to  the photo and go to the
tau profile, it's very easy to create and
send it with a date of 2015. Man, how can
I do it? I think that everything can be done and
there are movies and series that
make fake things. I don't know how to do it.
I think that it's possible now, at that level,
that you can react live in
a Skype call
and click to update the page and
all that. I don't know if it could be known.
The point is, what I'm telling you is that if you
said that we're talking about someone
who understands a lot about computers, then yes,
I could suspect more that they are
fake, of those who, being these obstacles,
God, I don't see how to do such fundamental things, it
would be very, very, very difficult for it to be
falsified. You know, the
other day there was someone, dude, who told me
that this zambomba video was
already around since 2012 and rolling,
but since it hasn't come out until now, it would
have jumped to the library if it had been
8 time, right? Of course, it's a
pretty big YouTube, it has 12 million, now
imagine if there's a video
of him rolling around there for a while, let's say  can you
imagine that we hit the
event and suddenly those who like
this
look at the video of the year and the video
was already rolling
but I could happen to him but I see it
the truth also the other thing alive is and is
declared the missile has not been deleted
but the other thing to see if it is that he
in the Dallas video also the girl starts
browsing through the
email inbox and starts opening
several emails there is a moment yes yes yes
and you see the messages there is a moment in which she
starts browsing already for
too much it is I do not
know if it is impossible impossible to
falsify something like that
because I am not an expert and I do not know I
imagine that maybe if it were in video
if it were in video I think that yes it
could be edited in such a way that it
is the same but at first
when I read the thread the day it came out
this happened to me like the three line choir
I look at the links and it is like
carefully I do not trust idly they were always
known exactly there are
many [ __ ] out there well more
than anything people from the other side no
digital viability that  they start telling us
that we in form did not
question it at any time and what happened with aita
still does and it's like having idiots, I mean, the
Forza thing and I think it's very clear
also in so many tests the kid
were already audios in which Fuerza insulted
and more or less force put the three
injured people justify themselves and such here we had
some audios of Tao at the beginning that you could
see that they were manipulated that they are
cut and it is not the same a person who
speaks more naturally to a person who
speaks
and that can be imitated apart from that you have to be
more careful with more eyes
when accusing someone of one thing
than another exactly
and it would be the first time that it is scratched that they
try to make a scandal out of someone
of that style of those
escraches that he does and then it was
asked that they are false they are absurd like
the one we are going to see later that we are also going to see
the one from Electric Light if they downplay it
when a real one comes out
because it is great exactly that is what I
said because I say I said it in a
live god that seems very strong to me
man that because of people who  go and
start escrache go crazy and without any sense
then when people came out who are
right and that yes that well
simply be a true story we do not
always believe it the first I think I believe it not in
two ways put the hard ones and at first
with the don doubt I am first it is this I
put in doubt when the
conversations and the audios but when
the video came out in which you could see his
face and then the video and him
the sea seeing his things in fact do
in fact I would be the day d it
is the same day that the video came out it is on
twitter where he already comes out sugars and I do not feel like
kissing you bite but I know
that I had just done a live and we
had read the two and the first ones
that came out was the one accusing them
that it was an anonymous account and then the
sample the account of the frog that was
denying it let's say it not to give an opinion
the images seemed retouched the
audios have been cut and such then of course
because I gave that I gave credibility
to the one who said that the position was
false okay the first false
because because you can  take and assemble
some audios based on many audios you
go realize that we surely
have so many hours of
voice recordings that they can assemble with
our voice anything because
that moment of Donald Trump of course in
the so many songs we have surely
pronounced all the words that are
on the line in all the time that we have
been here all the hours of live
that we have and all at the time of welcoming
a phrase here another offers here maybe they
can tell a phrase to get to
know and then just when
the live ends publish the extract and
that video came out and then oxia and remove the
video because I also do not want to leave a
girl who is telling the truth of a
liar of everything that
the liar has to leave but I also did not make a video
saying live is that the evidence
is true because I say not going to be that
now from the video also coa and
imagine that they take and take from the video yes it
was a baby song already images that
you say that the real video because her
face but it will make that today comes out we are
saying this video is from a live of
such day and I was joking and they made me
say this because the I do not know if  I
waited to see if he would say anything,
but he didn't say anything, and things
seemed to be pointing in that direction. That's why they're
making those accusations against me.
Italy is at the level it is
right now, and I come out to speak.
I would also come out to speak. Let's go back
and lie. You come out to speak. Yes, it
's true, the logical thing is that later in
court he has to take it easy, he has to
report it, he has to
defend himself in court. Of course,
I'm not doing it for him. Go ahead, he acts like this, he's
guilty, it's done, it's a v, him or me. That's
what I consider to be more prudent.
For example, I can
calmly say that I believe their version,
and I'm telling you this sincerely. I was
in trials where, with much less
evidence, similar cases were worth it, minors
and a very old adult. With much
less evidence, the adult was convicted,
and they were not even close to clear, I mean, not even close, I
mean, seeing everything that there is,
I'm wasting time, of course, the program is in
Colombia and it didn't dominate that much, but I know
that this is judged in Spain and
the evidence is convicted.  that we have him gathered there
excuse me for a second and I do
n't think he would go to jail in
Colombia
because I have seen people who
are saying that he might go to jail
in Colonia but I don't think he said that
the law there was applied and how he got out
but partners it happens there
yes but if it happens there and it is reported
here because the guy lives here the judge does not
matter that does not matter when that
international law has to be looked at
so much that he has judged is the one who has to
judge him from what country and what law has to be
applied if from the country
there or the one from here
although the trial is here the
law there applies yes yes yes in cases for example
in family law for example in the
best one of the parents from another
country or in divorces the same thing also happens
you can be judged in Spain
but applying the law of I don't know
Romania
yes yes it is strange that is a very
strange thing when I studied it I was
blocked but yes yes it happened I mean there will
be international agreements and
everything to control to regulate those
supports I didn't know that if I commit a
crime in France and  She comes and reports me
here and there are trials and in Seville they
apply the law of the other country
and if we commit a crime it is one of those countries that
almost has no laws
for example look there there is a case of
a girl that I don't remember exactly
the country is in the Middle East okay and the
girl was no if she was English or German well
the girl being there on vacation it
seems that he rapes her it's not worth it and what is
happening there to have
extramarital relations the girl
was married is a crime okay so the
girl is convicted
and she was German and the rapes and they
convicted her
look here he needs well not what he
is telling you no or that yes
maybe it can be falsified I think that
I believe that it is possible it is all but
as long as it is in a video for
example uploads a video Twitter and that yes it
cannot be falsified because it records but it
is a call I doubt it I doubt it very much I
see them as very difficult I do not know if there will be
someone who will correct me and who is more
professional in IT or something
then yes it will be possible that an
inbox at this level with the messages
the same can be created as  an
inbox that is actually
a web page but I think it has to
be I am at a level level that
changes you we are crazy and also here girl
when she browses the
inbox she starts opening several emails at the same time
giving not only that she opens
one request but she starts opening
several since what you are saying every time she
opens several since here what she is
saying is active that the evidence
was not very solid it does
not seem the
same to me there are people defending the new one that
is edited that it seems that I do not know that I
have how I see this situation with
all the conversations and that there is one
thing that seems strange to me and it is
that the girl has those shitty
screenshots and also has the
screenshots from so many
years ago
but they only explained in the
Dallas live in the video that they said that it could
be because of the fact since it was because of the fact
that when they spoke to him like well as
this is he is his fan he is your idol in he is
talking you are seeing
beautiful things or the word capture or he
sent it to him it is not captured the capture
for her it's not a big memory
this week with the work and that's why I've had
time to see the entire video of giving
because I want to have another
more summarized version because it's very long and everyone everyone maybe there will
be
a lot of people who are like me who can't
see the entire video hour but
but again the time to blow or rather
are the operations that she has are
old because they are pop that is to say
they have saves are captures that
they have saved since then and
now instead of ccoo of the
screenshot directly from the conversation
because because they could no longer access the
conversation the 15m that has them
blocked some of them
even if it is blocked you can follow
the droid I don't know I have no
control it will be because maybe she
instead of tell us if the girls the
youngest one had her account closed
then that
but those who can access his account
in a plan explaining to him with the
hyperlink but he can't access the
conversation because he doesn't have the account I do
n't think that video is edited I
think that if it's him nothing more than I don't know
who  I'll send it to him I
sat through the whole Dallas video I'd
never seen a Dallas video
well I like Dallas videos the
content that I consume not for whatever reason
because it's pure gossip well I
like movies but not movies as heavy
as he handles it
and I don't usually do that but well in this in
this case if it turns out that this is
real
then don't [ __ ] with me I mean it affects because there are
several ways here to think about it not
according to the girls this one I
was telling him I was telling him they were going to pipe pong I
said well I'm going for the 17 year old you
say wait
if you notice well he's not seeing this he's
not living but he has it here El
Chapo was with us and the moment that he
said about the Dallas video so many
people saying we have to give him some
reliable source it won't be how much has been
done like the
other day with the pool boys I mean
if instead of Dallas it
had been someone else who exposes it this
chick it's as easy as if instead of Dadas he
had done it
in the roaming house the accumulation of
redhead jota you already have it
with men this has been given to him
but people aren't
really giving much hype to the drums
with your Dallas color there wasn't a
[ __ ] load of evidence they were all witnesses
and everyone already created that fame that
label everything you know in fact to
this day I still make [ __ ] who say
things to him no and now this is like he
takes it people gave me support to a lot of people there is
also not much talk about abuse
the guy keeps uploading videos so normal and
even has more views now he has
half a million views each video doesn't even
have a like it's
crazy I think it's also because it's because of
the content he uploads maybe he
has a lot of fans who are kids and
well they don't take it that much into account
today they are not even on twitter it could
be
if for example they are and the typical allies
these are always on twitter giving it
to Dallas because not giving it to the
same cane like
people like button up right in the middle
but you know this group of people who are
always with facts that are
happening it's like they don't mention it but
I think maybe it's because it would be
giving it to them  the reason to bullet if you don't want
time is that it's like
the night that the video came out host I
just saw the support I had eight
complaints in
a certain way you know that but no, I mean
if waves and he messed with the minor
but well they also stop
surprising us
the pd here it was with the 13 year old it's something
that I when changing my thinking of the
17th the 13 year old is to put incentives or
maybe it really is true the problem with the
13 year old or the others
but the others
this in principle is not a crime
even here in Spain
speaking
but we have a lot of double okay I'll take off my
lows for a moment and I'll talk to you like this
because we have a lot
of double and it freaks me out let's see what the 17 year olds are saying in principle it wouldn't be a crime so they don't have to resign it's the 13 year old who would be a crime because she is over 14 years old she is under 14 years old and in
Colombia which is what we have seen before
which is the law that applies to being under
14 years old it could be considered
a crime of abuse  but those who are 17
practice or nothing would happen there is nothing
that even art even here in Spain
come on
but you say that I am afraid, I
mean that I would not
see myself flirting with someone who is 18 or 19,
that is also what happens
between line that has is also much
older and he was flirting with a
girl who was 17 when they start
flirting seriously she is 17 18 and also it
is like I do not understand how someone so
young well
once you are here on the internet and it is
a bit like you get many
proposals let's say they do not send you many
messages from the gentlemen whatever you do not
have to choose someone
more mature maybe I think that a
30 year old person is not looking for the same thing as
a 17 18 person imagine that to
cite the cinema well to say in the 13 year old
no but with the others the
conversations that you talk about with
supplying with the direction of Hannah
Montana and yes
I have a brother who is 15 years old
and it is noticeable  the generational gap is a
huge leap imagine a
30 year old with a 15 year old what a
conversation to have
is that I don't understand how you can be
attracted to a person with such an
age difference even if it's legal you know it's
too much
the way Messi is on a date even if he's
16 he even has a schedule
[Laughs] it does
n't make sense at all I think
for me although it should be imagine the
age of consent is 16 all day in the
video the age of consent is 16 but for
someone up to 2021 at least for
someone 30 years old 16
for someone 30 years old of course at least one 18
and they already have fruit too but well they are of legal
age it's supposed to be at least
but that's what I'm telling you the thing is
when you're about to turn 16 in Spain I'm
telling you when you're 15 and such what
happens in the case of Arandina
when you're about to you can
have relationships with someone who is
close to you in age even if they're of legal
age that's why
one of the bleach ones is caught
and  and they acquit him because he was 19
although the girl was 15.
Note that until 2000 when 15 or
16 was 13 years old, an 80-year-old man in a
video could count himself with someone who was
three or thirteen
and at 14 you could already get married.
This madness makes no sense. I think
I'm there. We need to outline that law a
little bit,
although you set it at 16, but there should
be like a range and like, it's okay
for 16 to consent, but like for
a person who is more or less mature
like you, of course, even I don't have an
age because, but I think we should make it 21 or
22, but someone of 26 with someone of 16
in those 10 years of presence, but it's not the
same, 10 years of difference between a
person, it's difficult to come from 25 to 35 than
from 25 to 16, which has nothing to do with it,
mainly because when I posted
about the town video, I posted it on twitter, a
video was uploaded and someone
answered me on this video  going to talk
about how immoral this is and he showed me a
picture of Risto Mejide and Laura it's changes
and it's like okay they have 22 years between them but
she was of legal age, I
mean the difference is there and now I
find it strange, I mean yes I see it strange maybe
for the same reason that we have said, I mean there is a
lot of age difference for things that
you have in common
but even so you are of
legal age, I mean of legal age you are of legal
age but I still find it strange let's
see everyone has their tastes but
because I like it because I
like it maybe someone who is physically
in their twenties it has to be that they
normally look older like for
example the singer there is a singer that I
like named Grace and she is the
majority girlfriend on the new billboard
but she looks like she is in her thirties she
looks 21 726 27 but
normally I usually like them they usually
attract me even older than me so I
understand that when I am 40 years old
how can you like a girl maybe a
girl someone of someone of exact height that
pisses me off because  she's one more year dude the one who
gives her my daughter no
and well it's something it's something that touches touch that
in Colombia it is legal 17 years old that is
correct that's why it is not no problem but
the 13 yes she is
a nomad this one well this girl comes out telling all that tell in the new video video of Dallas and she says that her families between the conversations and that they threatened to report him and all that and who is the dude is going to Spain that he's already leaving Spain he lowered himself in macul to [ __ ] to continue his
life and everything everything normal
that prescribes cold
prescribes but this type of crimes in
five years I doubt very much that the statute of limitations has expired
in the country and here in Spain I think it
takes at least 10 or 15 to expire
and then what can I tell you after
seeing the video after this sadly I had to
see see see him chorizo to
ball gameplays you should
never send a video to Silvia
never saw or expanded do you think you
have confidence with Ariel is that the
best way to never ever leak
jump  your video of that type never ever
life never send him to hold on
warming up the first impression
is that I like it with account that you have it is
better to take it and not risk it because look we have already
seen it with Juan de Dios it
happened with this one too it is better not to
risk it hey forgive me for not
giving thanks to the lakers that I can't
see the screen of you know and I'm barely
seeing the chat okay the topics
remove very poorly organized when we
finish the director I will give a pass to
everyone here the ranking of the top of
like and I will thank everyone I have mixed
feelings mixed
feelings I tell them I think I
think about that girl I think about my daughter
what would happen if a 30 year old [ __ ] did it
and probably I wouldn't
report him I would probably take
other other directions to that
situation
and I start to think about the girl's parents
how threatening to
report because they didn't report him I do
n't know if I would report
but I think that in the end it would end up
taking me to jail let's
see I understand you because you are a
father and my father would think the same thing
while you see any niece  or
something at home if you have something I
think the heron will come the desire will come
the other one is
me the only one doing wrong or rather anyone anyone
seeing all that quickly I
fell an idol is guilty and I don't know
what good
maybe my friend is going around
loose and I send him the video of
some girl masturbating or well as he talked
dirty I mean I knew that my friend
was dirty simply from conversations
that he and I had and as they were
our series and so he was a person who
didn't mince his words who knows
that he
was totally open with s
well with those topics and seeing all the
conversations read in fact there were
many of his videos highlighted deleted the
same as yours yes yes yes save 16
million views I realized the
knees because I got married I would know
introvigne daughter mother of mine kid savings
credit know everything that will have been deleted
there was one happening to me with instagram they
said water plan in the love thing it doesn't matter
law gives
but openly it refers to the
little one but
what the [ __ ] do you delete because one day it was 18
million views and the other day others
20 million lists and that's a lot of
videos in this sense he doesn't have any videos,
that guy, what he has is the
same views as us since he
addresses a lame what the [ __ ] has he deleted
but almost every day all the years that he's
been imagine there to review that
too many to find things even I
the truth is that if I imagine him
talking
talking to the girls and all
that has no justification at all
and well that affects because it's like what the
[ __ ]
I remember the series that if I still
remember the fishbowl of love it reminded me of
all those mothers and more or less they were
in the times when he was
doing things then
I didn't like a little bit excessively and well
all that we supported him to grow
because it smells like they had bathed his channel and
here in Chinese you can't see it
everywhere and when I discover this situation
if it turns me on it takes me off it doesn't make me
sad because it's been a long time since I had
contact with him
ok it's like we have a relationship
good idea and we simply distance ourselves and
I feel this well
I was but well he is my friend at
any time that I decide or he  Please
come without any problems we can
talk or whatever
our last contact was in
this chat project where I play
a character that was there does the voice of the
other character that we have a relationship with
inside of this ending his
roots ass is that mother they didn't
take it out a long time ago I think that if it's
not seen ex this one I
say what I say about this situation is
that
if he is guilty yes he is guilty of
these things the
full weight of the law should remain on
the mother what a shame
is happening
kid youtube also like that I knew
well to see youtube
in his mother is known for being the
mother of how necessary to see apart
from in fact
well I don't know if I don't know if it can be seen because
now as youtube studied fabric changes
a little
the pull by air
yes since it's giving me the pain
look look at what
follows you is subscribed to my channel
your videos video
[Music]
where they are very locked up
but they put you in the
Colombian jail what I think is not so expensive
that also what time merits or
the years that merits if it is  for life well there's
no way you should have a punishment
for what you did
instead of applying burning it in the
scrutiny like that it's useless wiki
for anyone on twitter burning someone
on the networks works you have to
put it you have to report exactly
or rather you have to do it you can do
both things in the case of the but it has to be
reported
and in putting it also
I in these very serious cases I think
that yes
if it were something else it's not that what he's
saying is for example let's see if it
were for example
that he has cheated on his girlfriend
with an older person
to that he would be of legal age if the girl and
I would see that what is wrong is that the
other one comes out of telling it she doesn't talk to him and
even gore go this what she has done you have
done conscious that she does not have a
partner
as she has done being
conscious that she does not have a partner it is very
wrong that now you take and having had
a conversation in confidence you come out
now publish the conversations and whatever they
are that
you feel bad now after
years who I mean will be the girlfriend
for contact with the girlfriend is eloquent
but it
is not complicated either  you can tell
private things because because maybe he
says the same if he does it with me he has
done it with more, well, I'll take it if his
girlfriend opens it I expose it and if
someone else has to come out, let them come out too and whatever it
seems to me that it is a reason to put them
we are going to cancel the minors who make
their private life
look that more the bet but it is not to
cancel your content and your work, I mean, they
are things of your private life now they
are minors and to make it jealous and more
when there
are companies that finance themselves on top of your
content is very childish
yes yes yes
this will show that the videos are very
very childish by a bull speaking very
exact the way to speak because I have
said I have seen myself before Draw my life
and the way of speaking the great
Madrid plan kids if it was going to be directed
to children
web evidence of conversations
burn your neurons so that
everyone or rather the only thing they achieved with
that is to raise the channel of so much
usefulness I got into that Syria and he says that my
YouTube channel is not the best or the
most active but I have an injury
compared to 12 12 and a half million that
Town and his videos have  they almost
had no views, I mean, it was half
down, I went to see some costumes
a lot that there was no content and I was
like, what is this, it's still with the
page in transfers, I don't know
how long ago several phrases came out that were
many points years ago and continue with the
same thing and if you come out yellow not even in a modest
way
[Music]
then this is what I'm going to do, I keep
going to the side of d
ok what's the objective of burning the
only thing you're going to do is raise the
gossip
that the one who raises it to the
channel since it was with 50,000 visits
40 billy quotes with two ideas 12 million
subscribers it's
crazy the difference is it doesn't
cure everything it's
like people instead of [ __ ] and I don't
know, stop watching it for a little whatever, it's
not telling you to go with this the
host but without stopping supporting it,
however, Cristino, the
ones who have discovered it as a
result of the sanse or and in the end they like
the videos, I do
n't know
although they come to see out of curiosity to see
what he does, it
could also be the first day, okay,
but  since they are following the videos
that all the videos for
four hundred and half a million views
that I don't understand anything right
in the social world again and instead of
supposedly affecting it with that and it's
already everyone is making memes they
are celebrating the mess they have they
make jokes about having won things and
people start to take it as a joke they
start to take it as a mockery
and as society is right now
while they are accusing some oxen of
harassers and the truth is they
closed for example today they
closed the
most important digital media agencies in the United States that
represent with a license chato william
half half the other the other half of the
street the biggest tweets are
represented by that agency and they closed it
because he continued he was accused of allegations
with this sexual harassment and it disintegrated and
everything and here the opposite happens boyac it's
like don't [ __ ] with this flight in the
past the entrance depends on who it is
without putting it in your mind look at you on top of that I
was applauding him why because I get it
but what
if the ual does not matter the
same one does it and cancels it although
be a lie and he came down on him eight thousand
and with the twenty for example they
applauded him although you're a man dude
admit your mistakes
if it's very strong that yes it's true
that he led him to stay for the girl but
let's go to him himself came out to say yes I have already
asked
a minor for photos and they are not going to revive these
videos the last few weeks footprint
started to go up in views a lot
because people go and want to see if they
want to see me what's up
I say what I think is stop with this
[ __ ] [ __ ] really report it and if yes it is
verifiable and if they are
right and everything throw him in the [ __ ]
drum and lock him up there for life
no matter how much of a friend of mine it is that he has
been the screwed I mean if you are if he deserves
a punishment he should be given
and
if it's false
then there's no problem no matter what the
[ __ ] is making so much [ __ ]
drama for nothing is happening five years
later you can still report it you
have the evidence and all of that is
totally reportable you can file an
arrest warrant against him
you can leave that mother of
public scrutiny because that's what makes me think is
going with Dallas and that
Dallas to the process content that
he does not to the
sensationalist content and that interests and well, he with
the truth is not like the hero of the hero of the
people Spanish version Spanish version
and that they stop doing that and that they really
go to where it matters which is with the
authorities because because they would set a
precedent
for many guys who do the same thing, I
mean, he's not the first influencer that I know
goes and sleeps with his followers
regardless of how old they are, he's not the
first that I know, I don't know of many who
went and went out with older followers
because it was a bigger audience but
there's a damn thing it's a common practice
among influencers especially
YouTube stars it's
okay
if you suddenly if you're single and
now you go out more the opportunities to
flirt with him there's nothing wrong with
taking advantage of it I would do it but what does it matter they
have no problem but I don't go
with girls it's not a crime
for God's sake it's very common among them
this then well yes  you have something like that,
well, that also stops them from thinking like a
father
and this
in the eye that I'm showing here or
more or less the feeling like
anger is precisely because I see it
as a father, my daughter has her
idols, not
her, she believes in certain people, she believes
that they are her heroes and there are very
easy ways to manipulate children, to
manipulate you have to be very careful with
the internet, there was
a video that I used a few
years ago, I didn't know you yet and they were the
typical channels that were about Elsa and
Spiderman and that disguised without
Spiderman, you could talk to the children
through the char, through the comments, if you didn't
know, if you ask them, I am you are, I'm going to
invite you to my city, I don't know what, I don't know
how much and he started to talk a little
shady, yes, in fact, it's clear what you
put on the children's videos, well, it
leaves Bayelsa in stone, water tubes already
put the videos, you are not watching the
videos, agents, it's putting the children and
now the videos come out doing strange things,
yes, yes, yes, and
then he even got in
touch with a child who commented
right to the park to have  be very careful
with what you can't be on
top of all the time, one already has one at 13 years old
because she's at an age where she already starts
doing things on her own because like that
but when they are younger children it is
that you have to be on top of what they do
on the internet because you don't know who is on the
other side of the screen you can't
let the 8 year old 7 year old
start writing comments answering
comments and you not read them
and I have seen many for example many
midnight videos that talk a lot
about this about children on
social networks and everything
and it's that you get them with the things that there
last time be very careful yesterday my name was
midnight at night
precisely at midnight the shepherdess or
hidalgo hasn't seen the latest videos
the lunch that we spent with a program
with do
n't they look amazing at
young people and it's a joke yes that's what
happened well it's a joke that that was
me that happened and the least he
deserves is to end up in the [ __ ]
jail at least and there in the jail well they will
take care of doing more things no
but the truth is that is what I
think  I remained neutral and obviously eye not
because he is speaking angrily and all that does
not mean that I say that he is guilty
but what angers me is the situation that is
occurring and the amount of [ __ ]
that they are saying online and generating
these trending topics and all this [ __ ]
social mess is useless because it does
not set any precedent it does not teach
anyone that these mothers are just for the
[ __ ] gossip what happens with the [ __ ]
trending topics that every day from the
president for and against
pure [ __ ] they continue to screw us over
every day or good things continue to come out it does not matter what
flight comes out
nothing happens no change is going to be made
if I see it as good that it is put publicly
because on the one hand
that way you make
people who are parents aware that they have to be
careful people who are parents and
see the videos that were uploaded bullets and
things are happening age will have things
that happen today listen in case you have
children security from home and also
for them to cancel it like youtube of the
child
the fact is that on top of that the audience that
has that more or less child audience
is as if for example it were a teacher
imagine an elementary school teacher
yes yes well I would perfectly see that they are
put to it so that it is known so that they are fired
if the child audience also it is that we
also know about these cases I do not know I do not want to
say that there are more cases for sure
but [ __ ] he
says that in the group s that they had of
fans he spoke with talks to all of them
about that type of things for what was said
well I do not appoint myself but apparently it is
supposed that there were more people
could be real change is putting
justice that is what the [ __ ] they did not
invent the [ __ ] society to have a
justice system where if someone
is guilty I say that it is not perfect I
know but if someone is guilty they
deserve what they have this weight now
so what what they owe of what
should be good that they should fulfill
I continue to remain neutral still
until that is really done
because if they do not do that for me it is not
guilty no matter how much they show how to
leave it to hell it is chopped or that
they show it as they show it today
if there is no complaint and if they do not do
what they should do they are innocent
that simple they
should stop their [ __ ] [ __ ] those
three  little lips are right, you are right
because obviously
a trial has to take place and for you to
be guilty you
have to be convicted. You can
show him in the stands and accuse him of nothing if there is
no sentence, of course
you can say that things point to it
but here this is true you cannot
call it x or y
but yes, I can say but I believe it,
I believe what they are saying if you
want or if you cannot and because I can
believe whatever I want to believe the light
be what you can say let's see
and then for slander to occur, okay,
you have to know 100% sure what you
're saying is a lie, okay,
so if you knew 100% sure that
the accusations they are making about
him are false if you say it is true you
can call someone something so
strong permanently that I, my neighbor,
this is a pedophile and he accuses me of
slander, I don't know if it's true, it's a
lie
either, neither now I'm always delighted,
I do believe what is said in the lines, yes, it
is true that they have to
report yes or yes we
were, that is obvious and also the
girls  said that they are going to report them the
examples driver for example look
you say that I want I
have no idea he left from
everywhere and I don't know anything more about her that
was three years ago at least whatever it
is there has been time for something to happen
and that's what the girl reported it or anything
saying that after all that you do
a lot of escraches but then don't report it that does
n't stick clear exactly you act you
can do one thing you can go to
twitter and expose when it is a case like that
but you have to report it
in fact before putting the worst
if webber the order of the products did not
live up to the result but I would also
file the complaint and once filed I would
say that you know that I have filed a
complaint for all of this did that
really happen that they go to
justice instead of trying to burn
socially because the only thing
my friends are doing apart from them
becoming famous that it is not going to
serve them for a [ __ ] ass at this flight
being even more famous
on twitter they have no desire for youtube or
anything if it is like let's become
famous like me  story with these
that were all youtubers or influence
no one is going to follow them on twitter
that makes sense
and what is he doing
extreme arrow blocks
while everyone is out and
watching his whistle my friend turns on
string ignores the chat that we are
also plate playing row looks like this
full hd
so what but who is the cynical one
here who really is the culprit what is
going on because he does not
clarify anything either maybe he says anything
after a while they forget to say there is no problem there are none
in the plan that goes like this in a
week no one is speaking straight
if what you want is for me to be reported
to a court and I do not have to say
anything that I understand that you do not have to say
anything to society but like this
things are so strong
without knowing for sure that it is true
you are dedicated to this if you have to get out
the best that they denounce me and see
where he escaped hire the half water that there is
well but here it is that nobody is
talking inside and now for it to have come
out of the people who is talking
about it in a way
then that is not true if they have something against
me to denounce me  and it's over they don't
even have to say more or
explain badly
the only explanation he has to
give if anything is to his wife his girlfriend goes
whatever she was that was with him
at that time she is given an
explanation
apparently to everyone else not
until that complaint exists I do
n't know about you but I remain
neutral well more of
a [ __ ] that both as
neutral neither or I mean I
can't say he is guilty guilty
guilty
[Music]
but I believe what they are saying
just like at the beginning for example I said
that he loved me that the lie well listen
now I think I'm wrong
for me I throw myself into it fits me that if the
story doesn't seem crazy to me the
evidence points to what may be
true I don't know why to think
otherwise the truth you imagine that they
hit it would change many times that
things surprise us you imagine that we have
events that are not true
that could happen there are many times
things have surprised
the best for the best more girls because it would
mean that I don't have to go through
all that
because it has appeared that it would not be real they have
not falsified everything has been set up in
such a way that I  Imagine it's very
complicated from what he's taught it's already
difficult, I mean without care the
conversations and maybe the audios I would
tell you because the principles what I
told you at the beginning I looked at it as if I were
careful
and of course then when
more things started coming out he said [ __ ] this seems like it ca
n't be explained or maybe it can but you
have to have a very high level of
computer science 6 which would be that the video of
the Sorbonne Barbados would have been
sent
[Music]
to another person if he had sent it for
example to a girlfriend
I am the girlfriend you
know is that not saying anything more than not
saying anything about chuco
grants what is what the ark says
this puts that at least it should have been what has to be
proven that
a court does it is that it helps us
and more so me as a father if it is or not it
would be playing I would not be letting
my daughter go out with a [ __ ]
famous youtuber to be able to burn it I
mean
I have already banned it and what's more he
would have taken away my [ __ ] computer the
cell phone he would have taken away everything until
that  pawn to me as a father to Maria
Grazia it doesn't change either they went directly
from anyone
to tell these things
when the girls came out in Dallas of
course
seen from outside well yes I see it as good that it is
put so that everything stops but of
course if I am the father that they are already of legal
age now the
13 when she would be 18
the 13 now 18 or rather it can come of course of
course but that would always make us laugh
you it is logical if it weren't for the
internet
audience if I were the father or
mother
where it may also be that I think well
since this has happened take it tell it the
more repercussions it has the better that
more people find out what
happened to you and if it has happened to more people that it comes out
like this I think that what I would tell them
would be if you want to tell it in public
and you feel comfortable telling it then I
support you whatever you decide
not to live it but man I wouldn't
like it very much either because it would be that
everyone knew to know
when it is fixed it
is here in Valencia they were if they have
photos with in their hands that it is a boat he
worked in the restaurant I
mean it is
known  It's a manual that makes the interview worse
and it's a real
cough, I didn't know that.